- (somber violins play)
- A great disaster cometh,
do not approach it,
for it is the
embodiment of ruin.
Do not touch it.
For it is the oracle of death.
The squirrels shall bloom
flowers of gore.
The hammer shall
shatter to pieces.
The foreign warriors
shall be broken down
to mere play things.
Though the blood soaked
harlot absconds
with a keepsake of the fox,
a hoard of ravaging teeth
and claws shall send her
the way of all flesh.
The companion shall
bequeath sorrow.
Take heed, it is a
banquet of tragedy.
(somber violins)
(winds and water rushing)
- I don't want anyone to
die, but it should be okay.
None of the horrors that
I saw will come to pass,
as long as we avoid going
down to the 27th floor,
into severe plight.
I just wish I knew what
fate had in store for him.
(Opening Song)
(epic fanfare)
(Demonic screeching)
- We've got Mermen!
- Mr. Bors!
- Right!
- [Bors] Take out their leader.
It's the one darker
than the rest.
- Okay
Hya!
- More trouble incoming!
(laser fires)
- They've got some light quartz.
- Get ready to rush 'em
when they run out of
lasers and recharge.
Rabbits Foot, what the
hell are you doing?
- (Exhales)
This scarf's incredible.
Not only is it good protection,
but it can also be
used as a weapon.
It's super sturdy,
which means I might be able
to do even more with it.
- Hey kid is this really your
first time on the 27th floor?
- Oh, yeah.
- Well, you're doing
some major ass kicking
with strength like that
I'm thinking about maybe
letting you head up
the vanguard.
- Oh, well thanks.
That means a lot.
- Of course, you'll be in
charge of all the annoying stuff
but we're still gonna split
all the rare drops evenly,
alright?
- Oh boy.
I get the feeling he's
using me like an assistant.
- [Man] You've turned into
a real powerhouse, Bell Cranel.
- Huh?
- Do you remember us, Bell?
We've met. We were
part of the group
who helped you take
out the giant Goliath.
- You mean we all
fought together?
- We're banking on you
to carry the party.
You got this one.
- I'll do my best! Thanks a lot.
(tense music)
- The Gale Wind is proving
pretty damned hard to find.
- Sure is. I can't wait
to take her down.
- Oh, please. As if you'd
stand a chance.
We're talking about a freak
of nature who managed to wipe
out an entire familia
on her own.
- Sure. But she had a good
reason for doing that, right?
- More or less.
She was taking revenge
in her own hands,
against the killers of
her old familia.
- And the familia she wiped
out were part of Evilus.
So you can't really blame her,
you know?
Those bunch of twisted bastards.
- She literally eradicated
that familia
by taking out everyone
associated with them.
Even if those connections
were iffy, who would do that?
- [Man 1] Ah, don't get
your panties in a bunch.
- [Man 2] Even if she's
superhuman, as they say
we've got enough
manpower down here
on the 27th floor to
beat her for sure.
Don't forget that.
- You're a level four,
aren't ya?
You gotta be more
confident than us.
- [Bors] It's time to get
moving ya bums.
We're gonna be splitting
up the party again.
Hey, Rabbit's Foot, you're
coming with me.
Come here.
- Uh, right!
- Find the Gale Wind and
drive her into the cavern.
Now let's move out.
- [All] Roger!
(Epic music)
- I have to find Ryu
before anyone else does.
(Epic music)
I think my best
option is to wait
for a chance to ditch the party.
- [Group Member] Bors,
check this out.
- What the flying hell?
Pretty sure I've never
seen this huge hole
on this floor before.
- Yeah, it's almost
like something
dug its way through here.
It looks like the dungeon
hasn't started repairing it yet.
- Wait then, does that
mean whatever caused it
is still somewhere nearby?
- It couldn't be the
Gale Wind, right?
- I don't think using magic
would've been enough to
cause something like this.
- So what's our next move, Bors?
- Normally I'd say that we
should hightail it outta here,
but I can't pass up
a shot at 80 million.
(Ethereal singing)
- Hey, do you hear that?
- That singing?
- Okay, I'm gonna
go check it out.
- W-Wait!
- He'll catch on eventually
if you keep staring
at him like that.
Alright.
I did a little asking around
about this Turk guy,
showed up three years ago.
That's when people started
seeing him around Riviera.
- What's his rank?
- [Lili] Level two.
He's apparently come down
to this floor multiple times
by tagging along the
second class adventurers.
- So that's how he
gained their trust
by mingling around
with the local folks.
But considering what Bell said.
- I think she has a good point.
Can you please stay
here on the 25th floor?
There's actually something
I'd like you to do.
- Ah?
- Keep a close watch
on that werewolf guy.
You follow me, Aisha?
Cause well, just in case
he starts doing anything
suspicious.
- A guy hasn't tried to pull
anything weird yet, though.
- It is good to be cautious
and he does seem up to no good.
- Well, let's just kick his ass.
(All gasps)
- Have you lost your dang mind?
- We're wasting time
here people.
Violence will get us answers.
It's quite quick and effective.
- Wow. That's some
Amazon mentality.
- Doing that would instantly
make everyone hostile
towards us.
I'm not sure it's
the wisest move.
- [Aisha] Then we'll
be more covert.
Alright, you guys go
act lookouts.
- Wait, what exactly
are you planning to do?
- Do I need to say it?
I'm gonna drag him into a
cave and shag it out of him.
- Whoa! Whoa whoa
whoa whoa, whoa!
Please don't say
things like that.
- (Aisha scoffs)
- Come on, let's get moving.
Can't just let Bors and the
others handle everything.
Nobody is even sure that
the Gale Wind is actually
on the 27th floor.
So why don't we start
searching this floor?
- Bors made it clear that
our job is to stay here
and keep watch.
I want to get revenge for Jean
by killing that little bitch
with my own two
hands. All right?
- [Companion] We would
only be getting ourselves
into a fight that we can't win.
- [Turk] Some
adventurers you are.
Don't you wanna make
a name for yourselves
by taking down a big bounty?
- Come on. Turk knows
what he is talking about.
You gotta be a moron to think
that just sitting around
is a good idea.
- [Companion] The last
thing we want
is to get chewed out by Bors.
So you can go do
whatever you want.
- [Turk] Fine. Wait here
like a damn baby.
- Come on.
- You're spacing out.
What's wrong?
- Oh, I'm sorry.
(Ethereal singing)
(Bell panting)
(Splashing)
- Huh?
- Hey, Marie!
- Bell!
- [Bell] What are you thinking?
You know what's
dangerous to sing
when there's other
people down here.
Marie,
just try to calm down, okay?
Tell me what happened.
- There's something down
here that shouldn't be.
- What do you mean by that?
What shouldn't be here?
- I'm not sure.
I don't know when it got
here or where it went.
I have no idea.
It's something unknown to me.
- Hmm
So whatever made that hole
must be hiding somewhere
on this floor.
Marie, have you seen
an elf woman around?
- Elf Woman?
- Oh right, uh..
Someone with ears much
longer than mine.
She's carrying a wooden sword
and she wears a green hood
and also-
(gasps)
does that sound familiar?
Where did you see her?
Please! You gotta tell me.
- Well,
- I have to find her
no matter what, Marie.
- Over here.
(Eerie music)
(Loud hissing)
(Water running)
(Startled gasps)
- Miss Ryu...
- Ugh, why are you here?
What reason could you
have for being here?
- Uh,
I...
(Sword swishing)
- Bell Cranel, you need
to leave this floor
right now.
- What? What's going on?
- Just be quiet and
do what I say!
You're better off not knowing.
So stay out of this.
- Out of what?
Tell me what you're doing, Ryu.
Who is that man?
- Filth like him.
Deserve to become monster food.
- Why? What's going on?
(Shuffling footsteps)
- Just gonna keep
following us forever?
- It makes more sense
to move as a group
if we're going to try
to hunt the Gale Wind.
Think about it.
Fighting a level four
with a bounty on her
head won't be easy.
- Our presence here clearly
has them on their toes.
- He seems really frustrated
about it.
Kind of makes you wonder why.
- I'm starting to think I
should have told Mr. Bell
about the details of my dream.
But, the fairy who is sworn
to be an usher of doom,
that makes it sound
like Gale Wind
is responsible for everything.
If the murder of that
man in Riviera
and the impending disaster
are really something
caused by her hands,
then...
- I am going to put
my faith in Ms. Ryu.
- That means one thing:
he will be betrayed
by someone he trusts.
(Water splashing)
- Bell?
Bell!
- Did she really do this?
No, it couldn't be.
- The victim has numerous
cuts around his arms and legs.
In my opinion, it's very likely
they're from the Gale Wind.
- But why?
(Distant explosion)
- Bell!
- Please wait!
- Don't follow me!
- Don't go!
- Sorry.
- Bell!!
(Tense somber music)
- Whoa. What happened here?
- Somebody trashed the absolute
crap out of this place.
What the hell does
this kind of damage?
- Hey, these guys weren't
part of the group
that came down with us.
- [Woman] Found another
one over here.
- [Man] Me too!
- [Bell] Was this also Ryu?
- Hmm?
- Hey, Rabbit's Foot.
Where the hell have you been?
- Yeah, sorry about that.
I went off on my own.
- [Bors] Damn it, I've got
no idea what's going on.
But one thing we know
for sure is
that a monster didn't
cause this.
Hmm? So what's the story
with the dwarf?
- Oh, um yeah, he was--
- Let me guess, another
victim of the Gale Wind.
Shit. Aren't there any survivors
who can tell us what happened?
- Bors! I found one
still alive over here!
(Pained whimpering)
- Hey, can you talk to us?
What happened here?
- The Ga-Ga-Gale Wind.
It was that bitch Ryu Lion.
- You say the Gale Wind?
- She fired off this magic,
and something that
could shine bright.
Then my vision went
totally white.
- Well, come on and
tell us where she went.
- Hold on Bors.
Let me treat him first.
- Don't touch me!
Don't touch me.
Please don't touch me.
- All right. Just relax.
I won't then.
- Look at the poor guy.
He's traumatized.
Damn that Gale Wind.
She's so messed up.
- Are we really sure
it was her though?
- Hmm?
Wait, I recognize you.
You're Jura Halmer.
- S-so you know
this guy? Really?
- I sure do. Jura's
a wanted man.
He's from the Rudra Familia,
which is part of Evilus.
Same faction that wiped
out the Astrea Familia,
which Gale Wind belonged to.
- The Gale wind wants
revenge on him, huh?
- [Bors] I thought all
of them were long dead,
but somehow this
bastard's still breathing.
- That's right. So what?
I was the only survivor.
(melancholic violin music)
- But look,
I've been on the straight
and narrow since back then.
I've been in hiding
the whole time.
But, but then she still
found me somehow.
- That explains why
Jean was killed then.
I assume he must have some
connection to this guy.
- Yeah, seems pretty
likely to me.
- Please help me.
She'll kill me!
I'm a good guy nowadays.
You guys have gotta
protect me from her.
- W-What do you think Bors?
- Hmm. Now let's not forget
what we came here for:
we are here to collect the
bounty on that elf's head.
This changes
absolutely nothing, okay?
Actually, we got something
to look forward to.
We'll get even more money by
handing his ass to the guild.
- Yeah, I like that.
(melancholic violin music)
- What is this?
- [Man] It's her!
The Gale Wind!
- Hmm?
(Tense music)
- She's here, let's get to work.
- AAAAAAAAH!
- Step away!
- JURA!
(Jura runs screaming)
- Aim for the legs.
Kill her momentum
so we can all attack
together and take her down.
(Pained yells)
- Don't get cocky
you little shit!
Huh?
- Wait, hold on a minute.
Were you there too?
(Loud thud and metal crashing)
- Think it through, okay?
Please just wait.
- You're in my way.
(Air whooshing)
- Ah, son of a--
After her Rabbit's Foot!
(Footsteps thudding)
- Miss Ryu is the murderer?
I really don't want
to believe that.
But if that Jura guy really did
help kill her old
familia. Then--
- I killed every last
one of their members.
Sneak attacks, traps, ambushes;
nothing was beneath me.
I was driven purely by rage.
(Explosion, music stops)
- Was that Ryu's magic?
(Bell panting)
- Bell, Bell Cranel?
- It's you.
- Please. You gotta save me.
She's gonna kill me.
She'll do it!
(Crying) Please!
(Distant footsteps)
- Ryu, wait.
(Eerie and tense music)
- Why are you always
getting involved?
Go somewhere else.
You're in the way.
I can't slay that bastard
with you standing there.
(Jura cries)
I have only ever made
one real mistake:
and that was not making sure
that you were dead, Jura.
My arrogance got
the better of me.
I thought I'd killed you
and it fills me with
so much regret.
I should have completely
snuffed out your life
when I had the chance.
- Wait, but Ryu,
(Sword whooshes)
- I won't hesitate to cut you
down if you try and stop me.
(Ending song)
- [Cassandra] Next time:
Lambton.